.TH LEMONBUDDY_CONFIG 5 2016-06-22 "lemonbuddy 1.2.1" "lemonbuddy Manual"
.SH NAME
.\" This man page will need lots of updating as documentation about lemonbuddy
.\" configuration improves.
\fBlemonbuddy_config\fR \- Configuration for a \fBlemonbuddy\fR(1) bar.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.BR $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/.config/lemonbuddy/config
.P
.BR ~/.config/lemonbuddy/config
.SH SYNTAX
The configuration syntax is based on the \fIini\fR file format.
.\" TODO better explain this section
.LP
.in +4
.nf
[section/name]
str = My string
str = "  My string" ; Quote the value
bool = true
bool = on
int = 10
float = 10.0

; Values for a defined bar can be referenced using:
key = ${bar/top.foreground}

; Values for the current bar can be referenced using:
key = ${BAR.foreground}

; Other values can be referenced using:
key = ${section.key}
.\"
.\";format[-NAME] = "<TAGS...>"
.\";format[-NAME]-spacing = N (unit: whitespaces)
.\";format[-NAME]-padding = N (unit: whitespaces)
.\";format[-NAME]-margin = N  (unit: whitespaces)
.\";format[-NAME]-offset = N  (unit: pixels)
.\";format[-NAME]-foreground = #aarrggbb
.\";format[-NAME]-background = #aarrggbb
.\";format[-NAME]-underline = #aarrggbb
.\";format[-NAME]-overline = #aarrggbb
.\";
.\";label-NAME[-(foreground|background|(under|over)line|font|padding)] = ?
.\";icon-NAME[-(foreground|background|(under|over)line|font|padding)] = ?
.\";ramp-NAME-[0-9]+[-(foreground|background|(under|over)line|font|padding)] = ?
.\";animation-NAME-[0-9]+[-(foreground|background|(under|over)line|font|padding)] = ?
.\";
.\";bar-NAME-width = N (unit: characters)
.\";bar-NAME-format = (tokens: %fill% %indicator% %empty%)
.\";bar-NAME-foreground-[0-9]+ = #aarrggbb
.\";bar-NAME-indicator[-(foreground|background|(under|over)line|font|padding)] =
.\";bar-NAME-fill[-(foreground|background|(under|over)line|font|padding)] =
.\";bar-NAME-empty[-(foreground|background|(under|over)line|font|padding)] =
.fi
.SH APPLICATION SETTINGS
These settings should exist in the `settings' section within the configuration file.
.TP
\fBthrottle_limit\fR and \fBthrottle_ms\fR
Limit the amount of events sent to \fBlemonbar\fR(1) within a set timeframe. Allow at most \fIthrottle_limit\fR updates within \fIthrottle_ms\fR milliseconds.
.SH BAR SETTINGS
These settings should exist in `bar/\fIBAR\-NAME\fR' section.
.TP
.BR monitor
Which display to have \fBlemonbar\fR(1) exist on. You can get a list of available outputs by using the command `xrandr -q | grep " connected" | cut -d ' ' -f1'.
.TP
\fBwidth\fR, \fBheight\fR
How large the bar should be. You can specify the values as a percentage of the screen, for example `85%', or omit the `%' and give the dimension(s) in pixels.
.TP
\fBoffset_x\fR, \fBoffset_y\fR
The window offset value in pixels.
.TP
.BR bottom
If this boolean is set to `true', then \fBlemonbar\fR(1) will be instructed to render itself on the bottom of the screen.
.TP
.BR dock
If this boolean is set to `true', then require \fBlemonbar\fR(1) to dock itself.
.TP
.BR spacing
This integer values is used as a multiplier when adding spaces between elements.
.TP
.BR lineheight
How high underlines and overlines should be.
.TP
\fBbackground\fR, \fBforeground\fR, \fBlinecolor\fR
Specify the colors used by \fBlemobar\fR(1).
.TP
\fBpadding_left\fR, \fBpadding_right\fR
Specify the number of spaces to add at the start or end of the entire bar.
.TP
\fBmodule_margin_left\fR, \fBmodule_margin_right\fR
Specify the number of spaces to add before or after each module.
.TP
.BR font\-\fIid\fR
Here you can specify which fonts you wish to use. You need to set \fIid\fR to be a positive integer. The font should be specified in the following format: `\fIFONT\-NAME\fR:size=\fIFONT\-SIZE\fR;\fIOFFSET\fR'. For example, you could set `font\-0' to be `NotoSans-Regular:size=8;0'.
.TP
.BR clickareas
This value is used by \fBlemonbar\fR(1) to specify the number of clickable areas available.
.TP
.BR wm_name
The value to set \fIWM_NAME\fR to when running. This defaults to `lemonbuddy\-\fIBAR\fR_\fIMONITOR\fR'.
.TP
.BR locale
Which locale to use.
.TP
\fBmodules-left\fR, \fBmodules-center\fR, \fBmodules-right\fR
Define which modules to use in the bar.
.SH EXAMPLES
.\" TODO add examples
There are no examples yet.
.SH SEE ALSO
.TP
\fBlemonbar\fB(1), \fBlemonbuddy\fR(1)
