.TH lemonbuddy 1 2016-06-22 "lemonbuddy 1.4.2" "User Manual"
.SH NAME
\fBlemonbuddy\fR \- A fast and easy-to-use tool for Lemonbar.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.P
lemonbuddy \fIBAR-NAME\fR [\fB\-c\fR \fICONFIG\fR|\fB\-p\fR \fIPIPE\fR|\fB\-l\fR \fILOG_LEVEL\fR|\fB\-d\fR \fIPARAM\fR|\fB\-x\fR|\fB\-w\fR]
.P
lemonbuddy [\fB\-h\fR | \fB\-\-help\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBLemonbuddy\fR aims to help users build beautiful and highly customizable status bars without messing with named pipes, MacGyver-like scripting or non-blocking loops lobotomizing your CPU.
.P
Please not that the project is still in early development, so please report any anomalies by creating an issue on GitHub (\fIhttps://github.com/jaagr/lemonbuddy\fR).
.P
Mandatory arguments to long options are mandatory for short options too.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Show help and program options.
.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-config\fR=\fICONFIG\fR
Specify the path to the configuration file. By default, configuration files are read from \fI$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/.config/lemonbuddy\fR. When the \fI$XDG_CONFIG_HOME\fR variable is absent, then \fI~/.config/lemonbuddy\fR directory is used instead.
.TP
\fB\-p\fR, \fB\-\-pipe\fR=\fIPIPE\fR
Specify an alternate input pipe. This pipe is used by \fBlemonbuddy\fR to communicate with \fBlemonbar\fR. For more information on named pipes, see \fBmkfifo\fR(1).
.TP
\fB\-l\fR, \fB\-\-log\fR=\fILEVEL\fR
Set how verbose \fBlemonbuddy\fR's logging is. \fILEVEL\fR must be one of: `warning', `info', `debug', or `trace'.
.TP
\fB\-d\fR, \fB\-\-dump\fR=\fIPARAM\fR
Show the value of the specified parameter \fIPARAM\fR in the section [bar/\fIBAR-NAME\fR] inside the configuration file.
.TP
\fB\-x\fR, \fB\-\-print\-exec\fR
Print the generated command line string used to start the \fBlemonbar\fR process.
.TP
\fB\-w\fR, \fB\-\-print\-wmname\fR
Print the generated \fIWM_NAME\fR.
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print version information.
.SH SEE ALSO
.TP
\fBlemonbar\fR(1), \fBlemonbuddy_terminate\fR(1), \fBlemonbuddy_wrapper\fR(1), \fBlemonbuddy_config\fR(5)
.RE
.SH HOMEPAGE
.sp
https://github.com/jaagr/lemonbuddy
